In the last lecture we add a T can actually wait guard and it was working fine.
But it was working for our whole servers path here.
Now we could grab it from here and add it to our child to make sure that only the child are protected
to children and not our root Poth.
But that is not the easiest way because if we add more child items we have to add Kanika way to each
of them.
There is a number Guard we can use.
It's pretty similar.
You can activate.
Cold can activate shawled.
So let's implement this interface too.
You need to imported from an Anglo router and this interface requires you to provide a can activate
child Meffert in this class which basically takes the same form as to can activate method so it has
the route and state and it returns an observable promise or Boullion.
So there's a form of can activate a child.
Well and since this is exactly the same form and we want to run the same logic we can simply call or
Sewanee return.
This can activate.
So the method we already included and here we simply pass our route and state as arguments since can
activate expect these two arguments.
What is the advantage of adding this then.
Well since we can activate child interface we can now use a different hook here in our routes instead
of only using can activate we can use a different one and I would split this over multiple lines to
make it really clear on what's happening.
I would comment out can actually wait and instead add can actually wait shawled does not also takes
an array of services which act as guards which implement the right interfaces.
And here we can still be off guard because the off guard now is able to do both protect a single route.
Since we have can activate implemented or all child routes since we have can activate child implemented
too.
So if this in place we should now be able to go to servers this works but if we try to load a single
server.
Now we get redirected back because now only the child routes are protected.
Something I can also prove by trying to go to slash one edit.
This also navigates us back.
So now desisting fine grained control you can implement to protect a whole route and all its child routes
or just the child routes depending on which behavior you need in your app